chiralDNS console commands

The chiralDNS console allows an administrator to examine the contents
of the chiralDNS database.  Information in the database is structured
as Zones and Records.

The DNS hierarchy is a tree, starting at root, represented by a ".".
For example, in www.yahoo.com, . is the root, com is the second level,
yahoo is the third and www is the fourth.  www.yahoo.com is a Zone.
yahoo.com is a Zone, and com is a Zone.  Therefore www.yahoo.com
contains four other Zones, and it could be contained by other zones,
such as server1.www.yahoo.com.  Note that Zones are unique; in other
words, both www.yahoo.com and www.yahoo.com cannot exist at the same
time.

A Record contains DNS information, of a certain Type, about a Zone.
The DNS specification defines many different Record Types, but only a
few of them are in use, and only these are supported by chiralDNS.
These Types are:

   A: Address.

   CNAME: Canonical name.

   HINFO: Host info.

   MX: Mail exchanger.

   NS: Name server.

   PTR: Pointer.

   SOA: Start of Authority.

   TXT: Text record.

See "DNS and BIND" by Paul Albitz and Cricket Liu (ISBN 0-596-00170-3)
for more information about these types.

A given Zone may have several records of the same type, but these
records must be unique.  In other words, www.yahoo.com can contain A
records for 66.218.71.89 and 66.218.71.80, but it cannot contain two A
records for 66.218.71.89.

In the resolution process, the client sends a request for a certain
Zone with a certain type.  The Resolver goes through this process:

   If the exact Zone can be found, and Record(s) of the type can be
   found, return them and we are done.

   If the Zone cannot be found, back up to the previous Zone, until we
   find either a SOA record, in which case return that, or we find a *
   Record of the appropriate Type, in which case return that.

Commands:

The first set of commands are available from the main prompt.

   help

   Display the help file.

   zone [zone name]

   Enter the Zone.  At this point, the prompt changes to be the Zone
   name, and Zone commands are enabled.

   del [zone name]

   Delete the Zone, and all of its sub-zones, and all the records they
   contain.

   add [zone name]

   Create a new Zone with the given name.  This creates all the
   intermediary Zones, too, if necessary.

   lz [zone name]

   List all the direct sub-zones of this Zone.

   lr [zone name]

   List all the Records attached to this Zone.

   find [string]

   Find all the Zones that contain this string.

   stats

   Display some statistic about the database: How many zones are
   served, how many records, etc.

   quit

   Exit the command console.

The Zone sub-menu commands:

Once a Zone has been entered, the prompt changes and the command set
changes.

   lr

   List all the Records in this Zone.

   lz

   List all the sub-zones.

   del [record type]

   Delete all records of the specified type

   add [record type] [record fields]

   Create a new Record of the specified type, with the given fields.

   del [name]

   Delete a subzone, and all its records and subzones.

   zone [zone name]

   Switch to another Zone.

   back

   Go back to the main command interface.

   help

   Display the help file.
